Hello Guys welcome to one more lesson in this section.
Actually this is going to be the last lesson and today we are going to install a plugin that will help
us display a responsive menu on the screen.
Ever since the beginning of this course we have already done a really cool job using bootstrap to make
our site as responsive as possible.
However one thing that is still not working is the menu.
If we enable the browser element Inspektor on a Mac command option I on the PC control sheafs I already
have 12 button.
We see that when it gets to very small screen resolutions our menu starts to get weird.
There will come a time when it will be totally broken but we don't want this to happen.
To solve that we're going to install a very simple very lightweight plugin called WP responsive menu.
It's very easy to set up and I always use it in my projects.
And you see why so let's look for this plug in.
Install it.
And activate it once installed.
We have a new item here in the dashboard menu.
Let's click here on W.P. our menu
so here we get six steps.
The new version of this plugin brings a lot of new functionalities.
Many of them are bringing in futures even though this is still a very good plug in.
We'll be concentrating on these two first steps general and appearance so under General one of the first
options here is what menu we want to use as a responsive menu.
Remember we have two menus one at the top of the page and one at the bottom.
Let's juice your the top menu the next setting is very important which is specify here what HDMI element
is going to be hidden.
As soon as the responsive menu appears on the screen generally we type here the menu class that we want
to become responsive to figure this out.
We have to the code for the menu.
Let's go back to the thing and let's find out why is the CEO says glass of the main menu.
Look here we found out as copy this glass main menu
and base it here.
I state a dot before since it's CSSA class name search input within menu.
You can choose whether or not you display a search box in the menu and below which text will appear
inside that box.
There are many other options here.
For example you can choose a logo to be displayed in the menu enable the swipe effect and a couple of
other options.
You can tweak later if you want.
OK.
Now under appearance there are also a lot of options you can later on change if you will concentrate
here on the main options.
You can choose here the menu I can position and direction also the kind of animation the menu you have.
It won't change anything for now.
But the most important option is the next one here we need to define the width in pixels below which
our response of menu will become visible.
Let's add it you 767 pixels.
That is when the screen resolution is less than or equal to 767 pixels.
Responsive menu will appear and the regular menu that is not responsive will simply disappear.
Below we get a bunch of other options related to the style which menu item and also submit news.
We're going to go ahead and accepts the suggestions.
And also accept callers suggested by the Plug-In Let's save the changes.
And after we save we can see a live preview on the right side of the page which is very helpful.
Anyway let's jump to our thing because we need to see how it's behaving on different screen resolutions.
Let's refresh the page
and I'll watch slowly going down.
Resolution this year that we can see the size of the current resolution in pixels.
Remember when we reach 767 pixels our response has been you have to appear as go or go down.
And that's it erased 706 767 big sales.
And the response of many is already here.
That's let's see if the menu itself is working.
Click Here you go to the contact page
and we're here on the Contact page.
Let's open the menu again and return to the home page
excellent.
Everything's working just perfect.
Is it that we just feel settings now have a responsive menu on Arfin now.
But there's still one thing that has not convinced me at all.
You may ask me Marcello and if I'm making this theme available for download How will my user know that
he or she needs to install this blowing in.
If they want a responsive menu this is also a valid question about the social media plugging the slider
plug in and any other plug in you decide to include in Arfin.
Well that's a great question.
So let's make a deal.
Get this question right in your heart.
Okay.
You're not going to answer it now but only at the end of the course.
After we finished out the theme this will be interesting for those who intend to create themes to make
available to other people.
For example people who want to sell items on thin forest which is a well-known marketplace for selling
WordPress themes.
So I'll wait for you in the next section of the course.
We'll be learning about one of the most interesting WordPress tools called the famed customize or until
then decoding.